New email layout when project is released (#1479)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web: SPRINTLOG.md

- Project title displayed along with the internal project ID email sent when a project is released ([#1475](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1475))
- Use full DDS name in MOTD email subject ([#1477](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1477))
- Add flag --verify-checksum to the comand in email template ([#1478])(https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1478)

> - Improved on email layout when project release ([#1479])(https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1479)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved email layout; Highlighted information and commands when project is released ([#1479])(https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1479)
```
